---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/spaces/gaming/keith-grace-games/vtm-2022/areas/notes/damien-black-history/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

up:: [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Damien Black|Damien Black]]
tags:: #originalWorks #characterhistory
dates:: 2022-08-12

# Damien Black History

## Life story

Damien was born Tromod son of Leod founder of Clan Macleod. In his early life Tormod was a brash young Scotsman, Proud of his name, Proud of his Father, Proud of his Clan and Lands. This pride dictated much in his life. It was his source of strength and loyalty. Tornod had been raised with the expectation he would lead his fathers clan after his passing. He was married at age 16, to a bride of his fathers choosing he had, within a year he was blessed with a son. Tormods life seemed perfect. until one night in 1242 when locals came to his father telling of a monster moving in the shadows killing live stock kidnapping children and burning fields.

Leod dispatched his son to investigate the happenings. while conducting his investigation he found that most of the acts were being perpetuated by a criminal band in the area. Tormod began to track the movements of this group and one night found them on the road attempting to rob a carriage. as honor demanded Tormod went immediately to the aid of the passengers of the carriage it was a brutal fight Tormod was outnumbered 5 to 1. however he fought with the heart and zeal of his Viking and Scottish forbears. he slayed 3 of the men before the fourth and fifth manage to fell him. laying in the dirt on his back bleeding from a viscous belly wound Tormod knew he was dyeing. He look on as the two men were grabbed by shadow held aloft strangled and ripped limb from limb. In abject horror Tormod started to slip in to unconsciousness. As he did he heard a soft beautiful voice say "Rest now champion and rise again you shall." then he lost consciousness. He awoke sometime later, and found he still had the taste of blood in his mouth. however the pain in his stomach was gone. sitting at his bedside was a striking woman of a completion he had never seen before. she introduced herself to him as **Magdalena** and bid him to drink from the wine goblet she offered. The next nights were strange as he learned what they had done to him. Tormod was conflicted with the gratitude of continued existence but torn by the harsh realization he would never see his father, his son, or his wife again, For the next few weeks she educated him on what it was to be a vampire, taught him how to hunt as they traveled, and how to use the gifts of his blood. 

soon they arrived in [Jerusalem](https://whitewolf.fandom.com/wiki/Jerusalem_(WOD) "Jerusalem (WOD)") there he was presented to Prince **Paliuro Rustucci** for acknowledgement. not long later Paliuro was dead, he spent the next hundred years serving as **Magdalena** body guard. in 1347 his sire had fallen in to torpor from accidently feeding on a victim of the black death. He secured her sleeping chamber and left in search of someone who would be able to wake her. Little did he know she would be fine and awaken on he own in a few nights time. 

Tormod Traveled lo the only city he knew with a being powerful enough to wake his sire. London. he spent many months earing favors and petitioning elders until he had finally been granted a meeting with Mithras King of London. He explained to Mithras his plight and asked the prince if he would wake his sire, Mithras agrees to consider aiding her if Tormod would venture in to the Highlands and deal with an issue that had thus far eluded his Sherriff. Tormod agrees and undertakes the journey to his homeland to hunt down and torpor an elder Gangrel who had refused to present himself to the King. After returning to the King with the elders torpid body. Mithras agrees that should he grant Mithras a blood boon he would give him the means to wake his sire. after 10 long years finally having insight what he had been searching for he agrees and Mithras dispatches a counselor of his court to travel with Tormod to Jerusalem. upon arrival he is met with scorn and disdain from his sire for abandoning her. While she recognizes it was his intention to help her he left her side leaving her potentially vulnerable to attack. as punishment she banishes him from his home in Jerusalem. 

Not knowing where to go and what to do, he heads an offer from Mithras counselor to Return to London. arriving in London Trmod seeks permission of Mithras to stay. being granted the leave to do so Tormod spends much of his time home in Scotland's highlands, attending Elysium's in London regularly. Tormod finds a measure of peace in the hills watching the children of his grand children flourish. however this doesn't last long by 1450 Tormod finds himself embattled with the very same elder he Torpored for Mithras this time on the loosing end. 

Tormod spends the next 160 years in torpor. the only reason he was not dead was because one of his ghouls **Elena** found him torpoid before the sun came up and spirited him away for "safety" she fed him blood, and fed from him keeping herself alive the entire time.  In the late 1580 she immigrated them to America all while he was in Torpor. She kept him safe and thrived in the new world moving settlements whenever someone would start to wonder why she didn't seem to age.

in 1610 Tormod awoke he started using the name Damien Black by 1615 they moved to Jamestown presenting themselves as Husband and wife, to the mortal world. Damien used his skills to take swift control of the settlement conditioning most of its kine to serve him. They lived in Jamestown for the next 130 years ruling over its mortal inhabitants from the shadows though there was no vampiric court as there was not enough people to support them. As more and more people game to Virginia more and more vampires started to arrive. Damien received a visit from **Simon De Cosa** asking for his aid in his battle with **Doran** offering to seat him as Duke of New Orleans if he supported Simon as imperial prince of Louisiana. 

Damien left Virginia and moved to Louisiana where he started Three projects the first was to help Simon in his battles with Doran for Territory the second goal was the creation of a revenant line of ghouls to serve him and clan Lasombra. For the first he acted as strategist and captain for Simon meeting other kindred and making allies. the strongest of which would turn out to be **[[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Sean McGrath|Sean McGrath]]**. For the second he explained to **Elena** the time had come for her to bare children and those children would be protected by him. Together they found a mate a young man named **Liam MacLeod** for her part **Elena** seduced him and Damien conditioned, ghouled, and bound him to his service. **Liam** and **Elena** had several dozen children over the next two decades Damien ghouled each of them shortly after birth, and conditioned them to serve his will. it wasn't until  1765 with the 3rd generation of ghouls from his project when he had succeeded in creating his first and only Revenant ghoul. The boy was named **Leo** after Damien's father. young **Leo Macleod** was Damien's Pride and joy his greatest accomplishment. 

His third project began also in early 1745, he started researching moral philosophy in an attempt to create a core set of beliefs to help him control the monster within better. He called this the 

[[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Notes/Road of Honorable Night|Road of Honorable Night]].

In that time he came in to conflict with some of **Doran's** help a Venture named [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Viktor Carmine|Viktor Carmine]] and a Toreador named [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Guinevere|Guinevere]], the later he found to be a viscous monster at first, with little regard for honor, and strategy. the former was just another unremarkable Ventrue. in 1790 that all changed [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Guinevere|Guinevere]] had managed to get Leo alone and use her powers to take secrets from his mind. that would lead to a horrible defeat of a small force of kindred being lead by Damien. When Viktor and [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Guinevere|Guinevere]] were done for one last turn of the blade [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Guinevere|Guinevere]] told Damien it was Leo who betrayed him convincing Damien it was willing betrayal. Devastated, and enraged Damien broke free unknown to him he was allowed to escape as part of [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Guinevere|Guinevere's]] plan to remove him from the board, he reached his home and found Leo there enraged at his betrayal and audacity to return Damien lost himself to the beast, he killed Leo and most of Leos mortal family. including **Elena** and **Liam** when he came out of his rage and saw what he had done he was beside himself with grief. he locked himself away for the next decade only venturing out to feed. 

Damien returned to aid **Simon** in 1801 only to find him nowhere to be found. in his time in seclusion it seemed looking to put an end to the feud and perhaps get his revenge for Leo Damien tracked [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Guinevere|Guinevere]] to a clearing by lake, Under the moonlight covered in mud and muck in an old torn wedding dress. In that moment he was intent on killing her as he approached she spoke "Leo didn't betray you, and I am sorry I made you believe he did." to this day he is not sure she meant what she said but somehow it resonated with him as truth perhaps even truth she herself didn't know. He lost all desire for his vengeance against her in that moment, and saw her as noble as any Viking queen. So he Went to her and in the tradition of his people he used the clean water of the lake to clean her flesh of the mar of battle, pealed her out of the old torn dress and discarding it revealing the beautiful creature she was underneath all the mud and muck and reminding her of the grace and honor within her self.  They lived happily together for 150 years as husband and wife until one night Damien came home from a meeting with Prince Doran to find his home burned to the ground and his wife dead. Damien spent the next 3-4 years searching for his wife's killer when finally he pieced together that it was Doran cleaning up his catspaw in preparation of his newly reimagined Carthage in the new world.  shortly after **Doran** announced his plans for the 250th anniversary. At that moment Damien decided it was time to strike for both his love and to maintain the masquerade he waited until **Doran** was alone and used the shadows to rip him apart. 

Damien remained in the city for the next five years before leaving for the west coast in 1960. 
Damien spent the next 20 years in Las Angeles where in 1967 he met a young lady of exceptional talent named [[Spaces/Gaming/Keith Grace Games/VTM 2022/Areas/Characters/Annabelle Greene|Annabelle Greene]] who was working as a graduate student for Leonard Kleinrock in his work on  Arpanet. Damien fascinated by the brilliance of this young woman made her a ghoul and bloodbound her. She worked on the project with Kleinrock for several years during this time. eventually moving on to other projects for him over the time. once he began to notice her lack of aging it was time for her to move on she told Damien about this new company who had gotten into business with IBM called Microsoft seeing a way in to what she had convinced him was the future they moved to Bellevue Washington in 1980 and she went to work for Microsoft with the intent to get him meetings with its leadership so he could take control of the company this however didnt pan out as every time she would make an planned get together for her higher ups where they could meet Damien something always fell through until one day she was unceremoniously discharged from Microsoft for failing a surprise drug test. 

realizing that someone must already own this fledgling company Damien gave up in 1985 and moved to the city of Las Vegas taking **Annabelle** with him. 



## How Damien Sees the world.
### Factions
Over all view: All of the 3 systems suck. its all just systems to measure penises and force control.
* Camarilla - Best of the other options because at least with them the rules are known. 
* Anarch movement - jesters who think they can defeat an organized force from within. the first Anarch movement failed so will this one.
* Sabbat - Monsters with no trace of humanity, should be put down on sight. 
* Independent - Preferred state of being. 
### Clans
* **Assamite** - more trustworthy than the Tremere but that is a low bar. skilled assassins and warriors not to me taken lightly but don't rely on them they will likely kill you in your sleep.
* **Brujah** - young ones are pathetic rabel, the ones who survive to become Ancilla are worth watching, those who grow to elders are formattable warriors and skilled scholars. 
* **FOS** - the most morally depraved clan as a whole. some maybe trustable but can you really risk it?
* **Gangrel** - so misunderstood by there piers they are not the beasts they are believed to be. they are Noble strong warriors with much to teach and learn from.
* **Giovanni** - Usurpers and corrupters of a noble art. most are not worth the space they take up in the world. those who are tend to be eventually dragged down by the corruption of there elders they would do themselves good if they killed there elder like we did.
* **Lasombra** - We are the greatest of the clans, the only who managed to throw off the shackles of there antediluvian and survive. though our brothers in the sabbat are barely more than animals in most cases drug down by the constant war and senseless murder of there sect. as they are still Lasombra they are not to be killed without permission of the Court of Blood.
* **Malkavian** - wise seers, how the Tremere convinced so many they are mad and useless is beyond comprehension. the youngest of there neonates knows more truths than the majority of clan Tremere.
* **Ravnos** - ticky little cunts, not to be trusted simply because they are so good at fooling so many to that they are so weak.
* **Toreador** - Art beauty and sophistication, manipulators, diplomats, and scholars, the true competition for our supremacy more so than any Ventrue. Fragile and fleeting like all things beautiful. 
* **Tremere** - Enemy untrustworthy usurpers all of them. less trustworthy than the Giovanni, almost as untrustworthy as the Followers. 
* **Tzimisce** - old clan are scholars, new bread are diseased of the mind and blood. and not to be taken lightly. engage with care and always strike first from the darkness. 
* **Ventrue** - Most are short cited hording money as a means of power. true powers comes from the blood and shadows, and the control it can give you over kine. some however like Viktor are truly worthy of the title of clan of kings. 
### Camarilla Positions
* **Justicar** - nope bye. don't engage and for fuck sake don't let anyone make you one.
* **Imperator**- Stay away, if you are ever unlucky enough to be named Imperator begrudgingly do it to the best you can. 
* **Archon** - avoid there notice, if asked to serve will make it clear he is unbondable and is unwilling to give that up, if the justiciar is willing to accept that they I will server. 
* **Allister** - a life hunting the monsters and enemies sounds exciting until it catches up with you. not going to go out looking to become one but also not going to shirk the responsibility if it happens. 
* **Prince** - They all think they have the ultimate control over there city and yet they all have the least amount of freedom. no thanks don't want that headache someone else can do it.
* **Seneschal** less power more freedom. for the right prince I would serve as Seneschal but those I am likely to be willing to serve in this role likely wont want or need me. 
*  **Harpy** - Keeper of status lets avoid their scorn. better to be held by an Ancilla than an elder. 
* **Keeper of Elysium** - This job I would do and would take pleasure in securing and protecting our sacred and safe places. I might seek this position out if the opportunity arises.
* **Sheriff** - This job I would also do but I would have to be asked as long as the prince has honor. I will not seek to be the instrument of someone else justice.
* **Scourge** - I am capable of filling this post but have little desire to do so, and would likely refuse the offer to the post.
* **Primeogen** - Seldom do princes grant us a seat at the table to represent our clan if that is offered I will take it. if it is offered to represent all the non-traditionally camarilla clans as a single voice I would also take it. 
* **whip** - if they are truly politically skilled and who can actually whip the votes the primeogen needs then they are useful if they stand around waiting for there boss to take a nap so they can put on his shoes they are useless. I do not desire this position and would see its offering as an insult.